I am Confucius, A Chinese philosopher born
in 551 BC. I am considered one of the greatest
thinkers in the world. During time of chaos
and war, I set new standards in politics,
morality and philosophy. I became a statesman
in China of 6 century BCE, and created the
social foundations of modern civilized China.
My teachings and philosophy formed the basis
of East Asian culture and society, and remain
influential today.
I am from the zhu dynasty. My teachings of
moral social political and philosophical behavior
in theory would later become the foundation
of a system known as Confucianism. My teachings
were studied and written about from the time
of my death until the founding of the first
Chinese Empire in 221 BC.
My wisdom included humaneness towards others,
ritual and etiquette in addition to love of
parents for their children and of children
for their parents. An emphasis was placed
on self-cultivation and skilled judgment rather
than a knowledge of rules. My ethical ideals
and teachings were also communicated through
metaphor innuendo and anecdotal story. Confucianism
rose to prominence during the Han Dynasty
around 200 BC.
Many followers practiced my teachings as a
religion, however, because it lacks a metaphysical
aspect, most consider Confucianism as an influential
social philosophy. I avidly promoted an autocratic
social structure. In the years after my death,
rulers looked to scholars of Confucianism
for assistance in managing their empires and
governing their people. Confucianism was appealing
to rulers who found that its principles would
essentially help society become self-regulating.
these principles of behavior and their implementation
are thought to have later influenced strong
central rule and the absence of rigidly enforced
legal structure. I spent my final years teaching
my followers and communicating my wisdom.
these dialogues would eventually become a
set of texts called the five classics.
I died at the age of 73 in the year 479 BCE.
I followed what my heart desired without overstepping
the line. I rejoiced in life because life
astonished me, and the will in all living
things to carry on in spite of setbacks and
afflictions inspired me. For you I say, wheresoever
you go, go with all your heart.